opengl texture formats

https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL-Refpages/gl4/html/glTexImage2D.xhtml

learn wgpu

https://sotrh.github.io/learn-wgpu/beginner/tutorial5-textures/#loading-an-image-from-a-file

wiki opengl shader language

https://www.khronos.org/opengl/wiki/Image_Load_Store

webgpu spec

https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#texel-block

About storage texture vs samples texture

https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues/513

vortex shredding simulation
https://experiments.withgoogle.com/vortex-shedding-fluid-simulation

fluid simulation shaders
http://www.amandaghassaei.com/projects/shaders/

2d gi
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lltcRN

webgpu rs
https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu-rs/blob/master/examples/mipmap/main.rs

blog article about WHSL
https://webkit.org/blog/8482/web-high-level-shading-language/

nicely explained fluid simulations
http://jamie-wong.com/2016/08/05/webgl-fluid-simulation/

fluid graphics
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdyGzy
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdVXWy
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsKXR3
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4tGfDW

glsl color formats

https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL-Refpages/gl4/html/glTexImage2D.xhtml

difference sampler and image

https://computergraphics.stackexchange.com/questions/3998/what-is-the-difference-between-a-sampler-and-an-image-variables-in-glsl


webgl fluid code
https://github.com/haxiomic/GPU-Fluid-Experiments

webgl fluid code 2
https://github.com/PavelDoGreat/WebGL-Fluid-Simulation/blob/master/script.js

fluid simulation shaders
https://github.com/amandaghassaei/FluidSimulation

particle hydrodynamics
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldy3D1

particle tracking
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lVfzh

smoothed particle hydrodynamics
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4sKGDK

fluid with vorticity confinement
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tssGDN

cool waterfall
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lcfDl

optimized fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tt2GRV

easiest fluid (do this one first)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lyBDW

unsteady fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lycW

very intersting fluid simulation. 4 times the same script
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtGcDK

line tracking fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsKXzd

SPH
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tdXBRf

advancement in fluid sim
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WltXWN

fluid density consideration
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3sKXzW

pretty easy fluid simulation
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4ltBWj


robust fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdGXRG

rather short fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3tcSDj

chimeras breath
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wd3XW

fft fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dXXWN

surface forces
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtySzV

SPH
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ttVGW1

fluid dynamics with pressure and possoin
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/llXfRn

2phase fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wtVGzW
looks intersting and short

multi color fluid, looks like an interesting code
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dsyRl

2 fluid

https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtK3R

bad navier stokes maybe with a good explanation

https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsK3DK

celerity
nice colors
and maybe last from wyatt
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3djcWK

very code for easy waterfall
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lt3BWX

dry ice
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WlVyRV

cool coloring of fluids
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MsGSRd
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsKXR3

cool explosion colors
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lsySzd

paint two colors
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtfyDj

texture
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldtGWj

another good and easy 2D Light
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lldcDf

the slow 2d gi
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lltcRN

2D Light using Quad Tree. Very interesting

https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DslSDM


3D raymarching cornell box. 3D global illumination, but fast somehow
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4ssGzS
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dfGR2

2D angular sampling?
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Xdf3zB

# diffuse global illumination
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4dyBRK

# 2d path tracer
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Dd3XW4

# triangle distance 3d gi
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4sXXRN

# triangle intersection
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MlGcDz
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdjSDy

# list of intersection shaders
https://www.shadertoy.com/playlist/l3dXRf

# better sampling?
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mdX3Wn
